feat(infra): upload release info as part of release process (#1520)
radicle-dev/radicle-upstream: DEVELOPMENT.md

        Radicle Upstream vX.X.X is out! 🎉
        https://radicle.community/t/radicle-upstream-vX-X-X-is-out

> Finally, update the information about the latest release by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, trigger an in-app notification about the new release by running:
```

  - [ ] deploy docs.radicle.xyz
- [ ] announce new release on radicle.community
- [ ] announce new release on the matrix #general:radicle.community channel

> - [ ] update release information

Reviewer: ```
- [ ] trigger an in-app notification about the latest app release
```
